I am the Vice President for a non-profit arts organization named the Monroe Arts Council (MAC), in Monroe, WA in Snohomish County. Our mission is to stimulate the growth of visual, literary and performing arts; To enhance the community through art in public places; and to preserve the historic legacy of Monroe. In addition to supporting and promoting performing, musical, literary, and visual arts in our region, we also maintain a long-term lease on a historic performing arts center: the Wagner Performing Arts Center (https://www.monroeartscouncil.org/wagner-history), a community gem that was built in 1939. We have secured more than $1M in grants and donations to help restore the bathrooms, seating, lobby, and finishings in the theater, and should be finished with that work later this year.

We maintain a public website at https://www.monroeartscouncil.org/, hosted on the SquareSpace platform. The website primarily serves as a conduit for community members to view a calendar of events, learn more about the MAC and the history of the Wagner, donate time or money to support our efforts, and rent the theater for events. The website is fine, but it's redundant and out of date, there are news stories that are almost 8 years old, far too many overlapping calls to action (e.g. Donate, Subscribe, Contact, Join Us, Volunteer), and some dated elements.

This project is an effort to complete a comprehensive redesign and launch of the monroeartscouncil.com website. The parameters we will need to consider in doing this redesign include:
1) We will need to carefully research and document the existing content on the existing website, so that all of the content either moves or is deliberately deprecated.
2) We will need to demonstrate our planned changes to the MAC board of directors in order to generate buy-in and secure signoff on our approach. So we will need to show artifacts like from/to sitemaps, content outlines, and content management tools.
3) Accessibility to maintain and update the site is key: bespoke code is likely a mistake for us, as we will require support to maintain it (we currently have no developers). We are happy enough with SquareSpace, so creating something native in that environment seems like the right solution, unless there's a better idea. The built-in permissioning, low cost, and many modules are all attractive to keep us on that platform.
4) We have access to design resources, and should use them. As we develop the backend, we should identify and develop ways to integrate custom design elements that help to keep the site unique, artistic, and beautiful. One deliverable we will want to create is a crisp design brief we can share with our design partners.
5) The site should cater to a few specific user groups:
	1) Community members. Their primary motivation is 'what's going on, when?' they want access to calendars and ticketing links, and should be encouraged to sign up for our newsletter if they haven't already, so we can keep them informed.
	2) Potential Volunteers and Donors. Their primary motivation is 'how can I help?' they want to understand how they can contribute to restoration efforts, or participate in productions, or support the theater or the MAC. Many of them are Community Members, so converting community members to Potential Volunteers/Donors is key.
	3) Theater Renters. These are local production companies, municipal and cultural organizations, schools, community organizations - any group looking for a 632-seat historic theater and stage, with lighting and sound support. Driving excitement and interest in the available services we offer is key for this segment.
	4) Current Volunteers/Donors. These are known users, who are visiting to access information about their contributions and assignments. We need to explore options for how to best help manage volunteers and provide donors access to some sort of 'account' on the platform. This could be a phase 2.

The final output of this effort is going to be a beautiful, modern, website that will serve as a platform to grow awareness, participation, support, growth, and renown of the Monroe Arts Council, and the Wagner Performing Arts Center.